[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are talking with Randy
Cramer, a veteran of the
secret space program,
known as the Earth
Defense Forces.
Randy, welcome.
>> Thank you.
>> Some people talk
about time travel,
what can you elaborate
on that for us?
Well, it's one of the
most complicated subjects
technically and
scientifically that
exist within covert military
space program activities.
>> Agreed.
>> My understanding is the
personnel which are selected
to work with Time Corps--
so, I guess, we'll start there.
First of all,
there's a Time Corps.
They regulate all time travel.
>> Who's in control of
the Time Corps, though.
>> Time Corps is in
control of Time Corps.
>> And who's in control of them?
>> They are associated
with the military,
but they don't answer
to the military.
Nor do they answer to any
political or ruling bodies.
They actually are
operating under mandates
to protect the
time-space stream.
And will do whatever they
deem is necessary or required
to keep the time stream clear.
>> Are they human?
>> Yes, all terrestrial humans.
All terrestrial humans.
Some of the smartest
people on the planet.
You have to have
a certain IQ just
to be able to really
understand temporal mechanics.
So they only take the
smartest of the smartest.
You don't get to volunteer.
There's no I want to
sign up for Time Corps.
You get recruited from another
program because you're capable.
>> They find you.
>> They find you, bring
you into the program,
and then put you through
their training programs
and their temporal mechanics
classes and so forth.
So that people can
understand what they're doing
and how they operate.
And how they tinker with time
travel and how they do that.
And what they do it for.
>> In the projects,
when I was there,
I was going through a lot
of these classified files
and reading things that my
clearance was allowed me
to read.
And even back then,
in the early '90s,
it didn't seem they like
perfected it at all.
So where do you
think it's at today?
And still, what determines
why are we traveling?
>> So I think that, like
all of the technologies that
we're talking about when we
talk about any of these covert
military space
program technologies,
there's definitely a
curve of advancement.
So when we talk about
what is right now,
it's not the same as what was
10 years ago, 20 years ago.
It's not the same as what it's
going to be 10 years from now
because we're making
constant advancements.
>> When was the first time
this was actually invented
and discovered that
you're aware of?
>> My understanding is that
there was tinkering with time
travel all the way
back into World War II,
both by the Nazis
and by Allied forces.
I don't think we perfected--
well, I don't want
to say perfected--
I would say, I
don't think we were
able to get a functional device
probably until the 1960s.
But even then, my
understanding is
the first couple of people that
went through, we lost them.
They went somewhere in time.
We're not sure where.
So we've lost a few people
doing that in the early days.
And then, we've definitely
had early programs.
Andrew Basiago was part
of Project Pegasus.
He's extensively discussed that.
I talked him about that.
I think he's a completely
legitimate source
for that information.
So even he talks about how
they were testing the programs
and running kids through the
programs to test and so forth.
So where they've
gone from then to now
is far more
sophisticated, but yeah,
it's a constantly
changing process.
And I think that
where they are now
is much more sophisticated
than they used to be.
Probably the number
one thing that they do
is regulate space travel in
which time travel is a factor.
So we know, for instance,
in the training programs
that I was trained under, that
it was fairly common to go
for a training period
and then come back
"15 minutes" after you left.
All of those trips have to
be run through Time Corps.
So in the same way that if
you want to fly on a plane
somewhere, you can't just get
in a plane and jump in the sky
and go where you want.
You have to file a flight plan.
You have to let the FAA know.
You have to let air
traffic controllers--
>> So they're like the
tower of space travel.
>> They are space
traffic control.
So anytime anybody
wants to go somewhere
that involves time travel, you
have to file your flight plan.
They have to clear it.
So that they make
sure that people
don't run into each
other in places
that they're not
supposed to run into.
So in the briefings that I got--
and I don't know how accurate
this is because I think some
of it might have been a little
hype--
but the Time Corps
personnel, always when
talking about time
travel, say things like,
if you ever run into yourself,
don't talk to yourself.
Hide.
Don't make physical
contact with yourself.
Because if you make
physical contact
with another version of
yourself in the past or present
or future, quantum explosions
can potentially happen.
They will say don't
shake your own hand
or you could rip a hole
through the time space fabric.
>> In fact, they told me new
timelines can actually form.
that does not include you.
>> Yeah, you can screw
up time really bad.
And so there's a whole
set of protocols on dos
and don'ts when you're involved
in any amounts of time travel,
whatsoever.
>> Were you ever involved
with any of those programs?
>> I've traveled through time
in the sense that anytime
I've been on a training program,
my tour of duty was ended
by a trip in time back to
15 minutes after I left.
So that's about the extent of
my time travel experiences.
>> And I know there's different
levels of time travel,
which we'll probably get
into, because just going space
travel, you're
actually losing time.
Then there's actual
portal technology,
wormhole technology,
black hole technology.
And then actual
devices that we have
created that you actually get
into and go on your missions.
Has any of this been
controlled by the SSP?
>> Well, all of the
technological development
by the research and development
programs through the SSP
eventually get filtered
up to Time Corps.
They take anything
and everything
that's useful to them
in managing time travel.
>> What happens when various
people from Earth time travel
to other planets, and other
destinations, or even,
within the Earth's time
frame of its existence?
>> Well, like I said, there's
a lot of dos and don'ts.
So anyone who is involved in
a time travel program would be
given the briefs on the dos and
don'ts of what you're supposed
to do.
Not do.
Interactions you're supposed
to have or not have.
>> But why would the Time Corps
send anyone into the future
or past?
>> Well, time wars are a thing.
So there are conflicts
throughout time
in which other people or species
attempt to manipulate points
in the timeline that Time
Corps goes back and corrects.
>> So there's other Time Corps
fighting with Time Corps?
>> Well, there are other species
who have access to time travel
technology who are attempting
to manipulate our timeline.
And Time Corps has
to alter any attempt
to alter our own timeline.
So they have to deal with the--
>> Time Corp protective unit.
>> It's their
jurisdiction-- yes.
>> Wow.
And what species
are these that are
competing with us with this?
>> Well, we know that the
Zetas were one of the first
to manipulate a time
window, that they could get
into our timeline and then move
up and down in the timeline
to try and manipulate our
history and our affairs.
So they were
certainly the first.
The Draconians played with
that for a little while.
So at first, it
was kind of a mess
because we weren't able to go
back and correct these things
ourselves.
Other advanced species
were doing it for us.
And then after they had
to do it a few times,
they went to some personnel who
were involved with time travel
mechanics and time travel
technology and said look,
we've had to repair your
timeline eight times this year.
We would like to not have
to do your job for you.
So let's help you understand
how to do this job yourself
so that we don't have to
keep fixing your timeline.
And you can fix it when someone
wants to come in and mess
with your world.
>> One of the questions
I get a lot, Randy,
is if someone were to travel
into time and maybe assassinate
someone or even go back in
time and move your coffee cup,
would we be aware of that?
>> Not necessarily.
It turns out there are a
complex set of algorithms
that can be done to determine
whether changing something will
really matter.
So, for instance, not
to diss some people,
but some people have very little
or no effect on the timeline.
And if they were to disappear
or fall off a cliff,
it would not be likely that
anything significant would
be affected down the timeline.
Now, you take people who
are large impacts on life
like political figures,
social figures, people
who have a large impact on
society or civilization, well,
that's going to potentially,
rapidly change timelines.
But there's also
calculations like,
what if I move my cup
from here to here?
Or what if I move your
cup from there to there
and then you have to take a
few extra seconds to move down
here?
Well, there, again,
there's these algorithms
that the Time Corps folks can
crunch numbers on and determine
how many variations that might
make and whether they matter.
The variations might
make a difference
in whether you use the
restroom at 2:45 or 257.
And that may not
matter to anything.
If there's a phone call
in there that's critical
that you have to be on at 2:50
and you don't get on that phone
call, well, then maybe that's
going to change something.
So again, there's
these algorithms
on how they figured out.
So it's not black and white
where you change something
and it's going to
drastically change time.
The butterfly effect--
I step on a butterfly
and all of a sudden,
then we come to a reality
where Nazis won World War
II, or something like that.
Which is just not
the way it works.
So it's complicated algorithms.
And certain things can have an
impact and certain things just
won't.
>> Right.
Have you experienced this
Mandela effect or something
that you've seen in the public
eye while you're in a 3D
that you've questioned, wait a
second, that wasn't like that?
>> Actually, yes, I do.
And so, I actually asked a
friend of mine, I was like,
so I haven't really gone into
this Mandela effect thing.
And we spent some time,
he was pulling some things
off the internet going, how
do you remember this thing?
How was this spelled?
Do you remember it this way?
And then he would click on it
and go, that's the way it is.
And he pulled up like a
dozen different things
that he and I and another
roommate were discussing.
And there were all
kinds of differences,
where we remembered it one
way and then could look it up
on the internet and
it's a different way.
So there's a few of those.
My understanding-- I'll
just say super quick--
my understanding
is the reason that
exists is collapsing timelines.
That there are timelines
that have collapsed
and that they have merged
with other timelines.
So the timeline we're on is
not a singular temporal chord.
It is a merging of multiple
temporal chords, in which
diverging realities, in which
certain things were completely
different on one
timeline to another
and now, they've come together.
And so you have people
who just remember things
completely differently
because they
were on a different timeline.
>> It's overlapping.
>> Yeah, they're
merging together.
>> Joining together.
>> Yeah, they're
merging together.
>> And people are having similar
experiences from history,
but not exactly.
And everyone's questioning that.
>> Yeah, and the divergences
are pretty definable.
So a lot of things you can
say, well, look, you either
remember it this
way or this way.
Which is it?
And there usually isn't
a third or fourth option.
Says, no, no, I
remember it this way.
It's usually oh, yeah,
it's either this or that.
But then when you
look it up to confirm,
there's only one way that it's
defined in the current way
that we exist.
But a lot of other people
have a common experience
of it being another way.
Which is it's a super
fascinating thing.
>> It is.
>> Super fascinating.
It certainly gives
us an indication
of just how literally
liquidity flexible time is.
It's not a rigid concept.
It's not a constant
mathematically at all.
It is a very flexible
and fluid variable
in the mechanics of the
physics of the reality we live
in, it's incredibly complex,
>> Is there any negative agenda
that you're aware of with time
travel that other species might
have besides the Time Corps?
>> Oh, sure.
There are other
species who use time
to manipulate species
timelines, their past.
To make them more controllable.
To destabilize them.
Or to make it easier to
divert evolutionary pathways
and so forth.
It's a very common thing.
That once a nefarious
actor species
gets that technology,
that they're
going to use it for a
negative purpose, if they can.
Which is one of the
reasons why, at some point,
we had to develop
our own program so
that we could have our own
defense network against that.
Because ETs don't
want to babysit us.
The reason they've
been helping us develop
our own military space
program is so that they
don't have to babysit us.
The reason they help us develop
our own Time Corps program
is that they don't
have to babysit us.
Everything that they want to
do to help us grow and advance,
the primary reason
is so they don't
have to take the time and
energy and babysit us.
That's really it.
>> So that's the
benefit out of this.
Is there any other benefits for
time travel for us, as humans?
>> Absolutely.
My understanding is
that the one time
that I had a conversation
with an officer
from Time Corps, which
was a few years back,
he was explaining a little
bit about how they function.
And so he was explaining to
me that their headquarters
is actually in the future.
So if you wanted to go to
Time Corps headquarters
and you went to the
physical location
where they're at today,
there would be nothing there.
Because they're not in the
present, they're in the future.
So their headquarters
is in the future.
And as it was
explained to me, it
exists within a temporal bubble.
Now I'm sure it's
more complex than this
because he said to
me, he said look,
I'm going to dumb this down for
you so you can understand it.
So he prefaced that when
I explained this to me.
So I'll preface that
when I explain it.
This is how it was dumbed down
to me so I could understand it.
He said think about a
bubble in time and space
with a military
headquarter base in it.
So that every day
when you wake up
and you look out at
the world around you,
it exists independently
of that bubble.
He said so some days we
wake up and the planet
is burnt to a cinder.
And we know that that's a
day that the day before we
didn't do our job very well.
Some days we wake
up in the morning
and everything is shiny.
Cities with flying cars
and clean green atmosphere.
And that's when we know
we did our job right.
So apparently,
what they're doing
is nudging the timeline as
it approaches the point where
they are in the future.
So that they can guide
the complete outcome
of civilization
to a better place.
So they want to aim for
that shiny, flying car city
future, not the burnt
to a cinder future.
But apparently, as we get
closer in time to the location
where they are, and we're
within a few years of that,
well, they'll just move
another 50 years ahead
and they'll do the same thing.
And they'll nudge
it down that way.
So probably, the
greatest benefit
is people who are actually
tinkering and nudging
whether or not extinction
events can occur,
global thermonuclear
war could occur.
So they're able to
on a daily basis,
nudge the timelines
to end up in a place
where it's preferable, instead
of just, let's roll the dice
and see where we end
up in 20, 30 years.
>> So they can't really
have a timeline collapse.
Because they can move
out of that timeline.
>> Well, actually, if a timeline
collapsed onto the timeline
that they were on, they
would have to recalculate
their algorithms, basically.
To just figure OK, we've
got more variables that
have entered into the
timeline that we're on,
so now we have to
recalculate our algorithms
to figure out how to
nudge to get to the point
that we want to be on.
>> Are we always on a timeline
collapse trajectory or?
>> Not that I understand.
Timeline collapsing
is a result of some
of the other experiments that
are being done in opening up,
in some cases,
very large portals,
multidimensional
portals big enough
that you could fly
a ship through.
And that's some of
those have incurred--
let's just say--
temporal accidents
in which somebody screwed up.
And an entire universe
folded in on itself.
And in order for it
not to cease to exist,
that timeline then merges
with another timeline.
So it doesn't cease to exist,
it joins another timeline.
And then that has to
merge and go forward.
And so it just becomes
part of another timeline,
rather than just blinking
out of existence.
>> I was taught at one time
that when time traveling
and changing time, if you
were to for whatever agenda,
that if it were to be found
out, that you create another
timeline.
And then there's now
multiverses and multiselves
that you have to
now fix that, too.
Has that ever happened?
>> Yes.
That if someone makes a
mistake and screws up and makes
10 different
alternate timelines,
then that may make a lot of
work for the guys at Time Corps
to tie those loose ends up.
And either bring the
timeline back together
or tie up the loose
ends so that you
have timelines that aren't going
to screw with the universe.
>> Is it possible to say
there are infinite timelines
and multiverses?
>> In theory.
The way that it's been explained
to me that that's in theory.
That there are an
infinite number
of possibilities that can be
happening at any given time.
But that in actuality, only
some of those realities
actually happen.
And I know that's a
weird hair to split.
Because on the one
hand, just by having
a thought-- if I think do I want
to go have Chinese food today,
or do I want to have Mexican
food today, or do I want to go
have pizza today?
Just thinking
about those options
creates three possible timelines
that are possible and are not
quite real.
But they become part of that
infinite possible probability
stream, but the only one
that actually happens
is the one I choose.
And there may be another version
of me in another timeline that
makes a different choice.
But all of those choices
don't actually exist.
The possibility
and the probability
exist, but they don't actually
exist until they happen--
if that makes any sense.
>> It totally does.
I get a lot of questions,
too, about when is,
let's say, disclosure
going to happen?
Or when is this ET fake alien
invasion going to happen?
When is the next big
threat from the asteroid?
And I said, well,
they're always there.
It's always the possibility
of that happening.
Am I going to win
the lotto next year?
Well, that's a possibility.
>> Absolutely.
>> That's one of the timelines.
What are you doing this
year and what is the world
doing at that time
that guide you
to these different
realities on the timeline?
>> And it's changing
constantly-- constantly.
So from here, no one
can truly predict
what's going to happen
six months from now.
Even if you're in the future,
if you come back here,
that future can change based
on choices and decisions that
are made here.
So there is no fixed future.
And there is no fixed past.
And there is no fixed present.
>> Precisely.
>> But somehow-- and this is
the part that blows my mind--
it all works itself out
without time and space
coming to an end.
There's governing
laws of physics
that decide how these
things sort themselves out
that just go beyond us
understanding, necessarily,
why does a rock fall?
We understand gravity, but
why does it even exist?
So we can ask ourselves
these questions about time.
Why does this exist?
Why does this work this way?
And some of those questions,
we have no answers to.
We only understand
well, it just is.
Our understanding and how
other species understand this,
this is just the
way that it works.
And that's been the
understanding of it.
And we obviously have to be
a lot smarter, a lot more
evolved to be able to ask the
more complicated questions
or to know the answers to those
more complicated questions.
>> With other different factions
that are aware of the time
travel technologies, possibly
even using the time travel
technologies for good
or bad or to fix it,
are they changing the timelines
for their own benefit?
>> Well, it depends on their
ethical and moral center,
if they have one.
So some species
may be manipulating
time for their own benefit.
Some species may be
attempting to manipulate time,
hoping or believing that
it's benefiting someone else.
Or maybe somewhere
in between, where
there's some self-interest
and some interest
to help someone else.
>> Is it fair to say that these
time travel wars going on have,
maybe, different agendas
specific for that species?
Like, you kind of were saying
that's possible, but is there
anything that you're aware
of, or have heard of,
or read up on that that's
actually happening?
>> Yes, the basic
answer to that is yes.
We understand that
these species, one
of their primary
attempts to tinker
are to go back to
military conflicts
where very decisive events
determined whether we're
going this way in
time or whether we're
going that way in time.
And so by tinkering with
wars and military events,
you have the greatest
possibility to change, well,
who's in charge when it's over?
Because who's in
charge when it's over
is going to depend on one
line of history or another.
>> Now are they're time
travelers from the Time Corps
that are put in
place to say, well,
you're going to be this person
that's going to be in charge
of this to prevent this chaos.
Because it sounds like it's got
to be a pretty a chaotic event.
>> Right.
Well, one of the things
they do is Time Corps
representatives, one
of the main things they
do when they travel back through
time, is talk to key figures
and nudge them.
And basically have a
sit down and say so,
I know you're thinking
about this choice.
Let me recommend that
you do this thing.
>> Without exposing themselves
or exposing themselves?
>> Sometimes completely exposing
themselves and just being
completely honest.
That was what happened
when the Time Corps
officer came and talked to me.
He was in an
environment suit that
protected him and the
environment that he was in.
So that he couldn't
spread bacteria
or get contaminated bacteria.
Because that's the thing when
you're traveling through time,
you can take viruses and
bacterias back with you
that no one can defend
against during that time.
Or forwards or backwards,
you have to be sterile.
And we had a very
straightforward conversation.
I was in the middle of
this very complex moment of
should I do A, or B, or C. And
I was being very indecisive
about it.
And he showed up
to say look, I know
you're being really
indecisive about this.
Just make up your mind.
Do the thing that's the
most you and it'll be fine.
But let me encourage you
that for your timeline
to work out right, according
to the bigger timeline,
it really would be best
for us if you'd be the best
you that you know how to be.
Because that helps the
long-term timeline.
If you just do you,
then you'll make
the decisions that will end
up in the correct place.
But if you're indecisive,
and you're not certain,
and you don't know what
you're doing, and you're not--
>> You're going to end up
here destroying the world.
>> You could end up way
over here and not helping.
And we would like it if you
do the thing that you're
supposed to do and be helpful.
So it was a very
straightforward, honest,
all cards on the
table conversation.
There didn't seem to
be any hidden agenda.
His goal seemed to be to just
so that I understood the bigger
picture and did the things
that were the most appropriate
for that big picture.
>> Do they visit
not only people--
political figures-- but
do they visit lay people?
Like, will they come back
and visit a scientist
that's 18 years of
age that's going
to develop an overunity device
that saves the planet from gas,
coal, and oil?
And would they bring back a
little secret circuit board
to say utilize this?
>> They would not bring a
piece of technology and hand it
to someone.
That would be a violation
of the temporal laws.
But if that person was having
an indecisive moment at 18,
then they might get a
visit by someone saying,
hey, I know you're contemplating
architecture or physics.
I'm going to encourage
you to pick physics.
That's going to
be the path that's
going to work best for you.
And mostly, they
just want to appeal
to your more sincere
sense of yourself.
So they don't tell you you
need to do this thing that
is completely out of your nature
or against what you would think
you would want to do.
Usually, they're just
encouraging people
to be the most of
whatever they are.
Because that will ensure
the more likely outcome
that they want to have.
So it depends.
If someone's having that
waffling on the fence moment
and it creates this
divergence of two options,
then yeah, they might
have someone come back
and give them a little nudge.
And it can be scientists.
It can be political figures.
Might be a cab driver.
Make sure you're at
this corner tomorrow
and you pick up that guy.
Or make sure you're
not at that corner
and you don't pick up that
guy and you're over here.
Because that's going
to be important.
So it's whatever
the algorithms tell
them are important events that
where this one little key log
event needs to go either
this way or that way.
>> Are you aware of any
specific time or agenda going
on, on this planet
or off planet?
>> Well, like I said, I
certainly know that there have
been attempts by certain species
to manipulate our own timeline.
And Time Corps to correct
that whenever necessary.
And I know that it
happens elsewhere.
But I'm not sure that I'm read
in on something that I could
say specifically here, I know
of this program or this agenda
to do this.
I guess I, could say
that by answering, I
do know of some specific events
that I was briefed on when
I was read in on
the fact that there
are conflicts throughout time.
That there are a
number of-- well,
let's say, so
during World War II,
there were a number of
attempts to sabotage
Naval missions on both sides.
So there were
occasionally, someone
who would come in
from another time
space, extraterrestrial
place and come in
and plant bombs that would blow
up submarines or ships that
in a conflict would have tipped
the scale if they had gone off.
And that we had to send
people to those ships
to diffuse those bombs so
that they wouldn't blow up.
>> Why don't you think they
stopped Hiroshima and all these
invasions?
>> Because some of those
things are part of the natural
timeline.
They're not someone coming in
and trying to screw things up.
They're just our own mess
ups and our own screw ups.
>> I think sometimes--
what do you think--
that we have to go through
these horrible incidents
so we can become more conscious,
because if m we won't be there
in the future.
And possibly, these
extraterrestrials
won't be there, either.
>> Yeah, there seems
to be some truth.
That if we were to go through
history and delete our most
traumatic civilized events,
we wouldn't be the species
that we are.
We wouldn't be
who we are at all.
So there are certain
things that we just
have to go through as
a planet and a species
to learn how to grow up.
>> So my next question is, is
it possible that another species
trying to help us evolve more
consciously could come back now
and create a war or a
cataclysmic event that would
bring us even closer together?
>> They could
attempt such a thing.
But if they attempted
such a thing
without the cooperation
of Time Corps,
Time Corps would interfere and
stop that thing from happening.
>> Well, how many people are
involved with Time Corps?
How many time travelers are
actually traveling right now?
>> Thousands, from
what I understand.
There are thousands of
personnel within Time Corps.
And at any given moment,
on any given day,
they could have over
1,000 officers traveling
through time.
>> And what gives them this
power and right to decide
what's best for us?
Or are they just doing
damage control all the time?
>> Basically, what gives them
the right and the authority is
they understand it
better than anybody else.
And so anyone else who
comes along and says,
hey, what gives you the
right, their questions can be,
do you understand how
temporal mechanics work?
Do you understand how
collapsing timelines work?
to work the algorithms?
And when someone
says no, well then
shut up and let us do our job.
So their main
authority is the fact
that they know how to do
it better than anyone else.
And therefore, no
one else is qualified
to manage it other than them.
>> Well, that's a lot to say.
But at the same time, I
understand the science
behind something that
I don't understand,
I would want that
person in charge of it
and just give my
faith into that.
But if there was a
way to expose that,
do you think it will be
ever exposed so people
can learn more about this?
Because I know
anyone can learn this
if we have the right
teachers teaching us.
>> Yeah, for sure.
And I would say that
there's an inevitability
after a disclosure event
when that could happen.
I would just not know how
to speculate whether you're
talking five years after
disclosure, 10 years
after disclosure, 15, 20
before people start talking
about time travel or not.
It's going to depend
on how we absorb
a lot of the other
information, I think.
>> So do yo u think they're
monitoring us to see how well
and how conscious we're going
to become to be able to use this
technology?
>> Absolutely.
>> Because it seems that right
now that they're in complete
control of it.
They're tinkering with it.
And there could be catastrophic
events happen because of that.
And we wouldn't even know
that that even happened.
We're just rolling with the
timeline-- no pun intended.
>> Yeah, pretty much.
It's pretty much
in the situation
where we have a choice.
We can either trust them
because there's no ability
and no way for us to interfere
with that process that
could come in and
say, hey, we don't
think you're doing this right.
We want to do it
this way and have
the right, or the authority,
or the power to do that.
So we kind of have
to trust them.
Or spend a lot of
time mistrusting them.
And let's just say
that experience
has taught us to trust them.
So, so far everything that they
have done and every interaction
has been in the
highest integrity.
And appears to be
for our best outcome
and not for any other reason.
So when I first had this
conversation with this officer
from Time Corps,
it was news to me.
And he was explaining
all sorts of things
about how they do
their operations
and how they tinker with things.
And it actually left me with a
sense of security knowing wow,
I'm glad somebody smart's
in control of that.
Because otherwise, who
knows what would happen.
So I personally think we've
put the smartest, best
people in charge of it.
And at the moment, they seem
to be able to handle it better
than anybody else.
So until that changes
or they give us
a reason for that to change, I'm
going to go ahead and give them
my confidence, as well.
>> Well, if these time wars
are always changing realities,
where do you think we're
heading with humanity
and as a collective
consciousness?
>> To a better future, if
the guys from Time Corps have
anything to say about it.
So their goal is to lead us
toward that future, where
you have clean
energy, flying cars,
and poverty has been eliminated.
And transportation,
both ground, air, space
is integrated into civilization.
The most advanced computer
technology is integrated.
And we actually get to
have the civilization
that the tools we have says we
could if we just applied them.
So the civilization
that we have right now,
it's like we have
all these tools
and we just keep using hammers
and screwdrivers to build
brick mortar, steel girders.
When we have better
technology that
could build better
infrastructure,
better buildings, better sewer
lines, better water lines,
better power lines.
And create a better civilized
infrastructure than the one
that we have, if we just
applied the technology
that we actually have.
>> Where do you see time
travel and consciousness going
for a benefit to the world?
>> If our most advanced
extraterrestrial friends
and neighbors suggest to us
through their own actions
and their own choices what that
could work out for, it could
work out to be the best thing
that we could ever hope for.
That we could end up
not only in a place
where we get to choose our true
outcome for the next 1,000,
10,000 years or longer by
understanding how to manipulate
and nudge timelines.
And as we master
that technology,
then we find ourselves being
able to be in the position
that some of these
other species have
to be able to help and
tinker with other worlds
in our corner of the
galaxy of the universe.
So the better we get at this
technology, the more of our own
policing that we take over
from other species who
are doing it for us right now.
>> Randy, thank you, again.
Wonderful conversation.
>> Thank you so
much for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]